{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Chalkboard;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green145\blue206;\red0\green68\blue254;\red206\green59\blue0;
\red0\green90\blue124;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21560\viewh14600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Phantom Guitar\'ae\
version 1.0\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf2 \

\b0 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Overview..
\b \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 Phantom Guitar is a guitar - without the guitar.. It uses your phone's bluetooth technology and a simple Light Blue Bean board to let you play a guitar - without actually having a guitar! All you need is an android smartphone (iOS version is in development) and a Light Blue Bean designed for Phantom Guitar\'ae and they work together to act like a virtual guitar.. \
There are two parts two this product :\
1. An application on your android smartphone 	\
2. A Light Blue Bean board designed for Phantom Guitar\'ae\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf3 \ul How do you use it?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \ulnone \
So this is how you use this phantom guitar technology: Install the phantom guitar app on your phone and get a Light Blue Bean board designed for Phantom Guitar\'ae. Open up the app. If the Light Blue Bean is nearby, a dialog will pop up and the bean will connect to your phone once you select the option. If two or more beans are available, you can select either one in this dialog. Also, if your bean is disconnected mid-way, you return to the connect screen. Once a Light Blue Bean is connected, the Light Blue Bean\'92s LED will display a green light if it can work with the app. If not, it will flash a red light thrice.\
Once the bean is properly connected and has a green light, you can move on to mode selection. There are two modes available : Chord on-the-go mode and Chord progression mode. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf4 \
Chord on-the-go :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 This is the mode you would likely choose if you are doing this for fun or showing off in front of family or friends. Its simple and sweet. 8 simple chords appear on the screen as large buttons. You can change the chord as you play the guitar (more on playing later) on the go. You can change these 8 default chords in the settings page whenever you want. Tap on any of the chord buttons and it will light up, thus changing the chord. If you change the chord in the middle of playing a chord, the chord is first completed, and then changed. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf4 \
Chord Progressions :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 This is the mode designed for professional guitarists or for those who think choosing chords on the go is too time consuming and difficult. The first screen appearing lets you choose your chord progression. What a chord progression basically is, as the name suggests, a sequence of chords. You can specify how many times you wish to play each and every chord. It can be as long or as short as you want - and you may wish to put it in a loop as well. You can save these progressions for further use as well. Once you choose play, an empty screen will appear with the chord in the progression being played written in big letters in the centre, and below it the number of times it will be played. In the top right corner, the next chord in the progression will be written in small letters.\
You can start playing and keep on doing so till anytime if you chose to put your progression in a loop in the screen before. But if not, then you can only play the chords until the progression gets over. When this happens, the app returns to the mode selection page. \
\
So this much is clear. It was mentioned earlier that there would be some more information on playing the phantom guitar. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf5 Playing the Phantom Guitar
\b0\fs32 \cf0 \'ae\
So this is the main part. On either mode, the way you play the guitar hardly changes. It\'92s pretty similar to playing a real guitar. The chord is already chosen on the smartphone. So what you do is you hold the bean in any hand, and imagine that your playing a real guitar i.e. move your hand up and down just like strumming a guitar. Just like a real guitar, the sound depends on a number of factors - how hard you strum, how fast you strum, whether you strum up or down. Taking into account all of these factors, the Light Blue Bean talks to the Phantom Guitar\'ae app on your phone and plays this guitar sound in real time. (Note : The smartphone uses a library known as MIDI for this)\
You may play as fast, as hard and for as long as you wish to - provided that a chord has been chosen. The bean will keep talking to your phone and thus your phone\'92s speakers will produce the sound of your guitar playing.\
\
The Light Blue Bean board, that makes all this possible will also have a special look. \
\

\b\fs36 \cf5 How the bean looks :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 The bean will be fully covered with only the LED showing. The covering will be made of cardboard and will be available in two major designs : In the shape of a skull i.e. a phantom, and in the shape of an electric bass guitar. Both designs will be available in most colours. They may also be repainted as per your wish. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf5 Something Important - Navigation\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 Navigation in the Phantom Guitar\'ae app is pretty straightforward. Once your on the mode selection page, you can go to any of the modes and press the back button at any time to return to the previous screen, and press it once again to open up a dialog to disconnect the bean and return to the connection screen.\
\
Another important part to be known when using the Phantom Guitar\'ae is the Settings Page. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf5 Settings Page :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 The Settings Page can be accessed at any time once the bean is connected by pressing the menu button on the smart phone and choosing \'93Settings\'94. Settings that can be changed include : \
- Default Light Blue Bean name\
- Chords to display in the chords on-the-go mode\
- Wallpaper (When playing the guitar)\
- Theme : (Dark or light)\
- Instrument (Acoustic Guitar, electric guitar etc)\
\
\
So this is basically how you use the Phantom Guitar\'ae\
To know more about all of these features, look below. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs44 \cf3 \ul \
DETAILED\ulnone  \ul ANALYSIS\ulnone  :\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf4 Starting Screen\

\b0\fs36 \cf0 When the app is opened, the app looks for beans in its vicinity. If any are found, a dialog pops up with a list of the beans so that the user can choose the bean to connect with. If not, the connection screen.\
The connection screen is a simple empty screen with a light pastel background and a big round button in the centre with the word \'93Connect\'94. When the button is pressed, it gets darker - making it appear to have been pressed and once again Light Blue Beans are searched for in the vicinity and if found, the dialog opens up. If not, the app returns to the connection screen and a toast appears with the words \'93No beans found\'94. \
The dialog that opens up contains a list of all the beans available in the vicinity of the smartphone to be chosen and connected to and to be used. \
	\
If a bean is connected to which is not designed for working with Phantom Guitar\'ae the bean flashes a red light thrice and the app returns to the connection screen and a toast appears with the words \'93Light Blue Bean incompatible\'94.\
If a bean is connected to properly, the led on the bean turns green and the app moves on to the mode selection screen.\
\

\b\fs40 \cf4 Mode Selection Screen\

\b0\fs36 \cf0 The Screen for Selection of Mode is basically the home page to return to once a bean is connected. So this has a light pastel background and a faint outline of an electric guitar in the background. Also there is a faint outline of a phantom/ghost/skull face. \
Now the two buttons for selection of the different modes are large rectangles that when you press, get filled and thus show that they have been pressed. The two buttons have the text \'93Chord on-the-go mode\'94 and \'93Chord Progression Mode\'94.\
To go back to the connection/starting screen - press the back button. A dialog will open up asking the user if he/she really wishes to disconnect the bean. If yes is selected, the app returns to the connection screen. If no is selected, nothing happens i.e. the app stays on the mode selection screen.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf4 Chord On-The-Go Mode\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf0 As described in the overview.. \
\
\
Note -> Chord Progression Mode has been put in for future revision\
\
\
 
\b\fs40 \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
 \
\
\
}